# Genesis
It all started in a small street called kilimahewa( Translates to a hill with
plenty of air) not far away from the lake named after Matriarch of the United
Kingdom. The city is Mwanza and the country is Tanzania it used to be rice fields
all over the place. I don't remember
much as I was a toddler, I was so black that my folks thought I will be a boxer
when I grow up.That was  27 years ago.

# School days
I went through the community schools as like everyone else back then. I used to
enjoy maths, and geography.

I remember my first days in O Lever were the best days of my life. I was the
cool kid, who knew stuffs. Unfortunate I started to lose my sight when I was in
form two, followed by loss of hearing, that changed everything.

What followed is what you can label as life hack. I wasn't a full deaf( since I
can hear but with difficulty sometime) and I wasn't a full blind either( as I am
short sighted). My folks spent all their fortune searching for cure, all know
doctors in my country , at the end everyone just gave up on me except myself.

# college days

I was accepted at the University of Dodoma as a Bachelor of Commerce in Finance
student and Graduated in 2013. 

For the first time in my life, I used an email when I was in my first year. And
well I also got to watch movie from one of my room mate laptop.

Since I couldn't hear the lecture, I had to spend a lot of time in the library
fighting for books. I couldn't see myself surviving the three years without
having access  to books or any material relating to the lectures. So, my sister
bought a laptop for me in my second semester, so that I can have access to books
and everything I need to survive my college days.

I don't have many friends from college days, as I rarely attended any lectures. I
was busy exploring my laptop. In the process, I never failed my exams and I was
busy learning different kinds of stuffs. I got hooked up on the web. And learnt
HTML,CSS, JS and PHP.

PHP was cool but I never liked it, so I moved to erlang for a couple of months
only then to fall into python which made me love ruby at first sight. Those were
the happiest days of my life.

# After college
After college I want back home and started the never ending job hunt. My Bcom
FInance degree  was useless. So I just gave up on jobs and dedicated myself to
programming.

